scrolling good people in this video here
i'm going to show you guys where some of
the items are located in chapter 8 for
max payne 3 that i came across do note
that you can look in the description for
a quick reference and a suggested
checkpoint for these items also note
that i got the golden guns in different
playthrough so the ordering might be a
little off but just get them in the
order of this video so with that let's
get started so the first collectible
that we're going to get as after we come
to this bullet time sequence where the
guy tries to hit us with the car and
then when we fight off this guy with the
grenade launcher and once you're done
head over by the stairs and head over to
the right and proceed on down that way
by these stairs right here let's keep
adding in this direction as you can see
we have a golden gun right here on the
floor and this takes place as I
mentioned by where you fight off the guy
with the grenade launcher so this is
right here and you could head back your
way and proceed up the stairs so once
you make it back that way head up to the
stairs take out a few more enemies got
to be careful because they could pop out
any around Andy corner and when you deal
with the last enemy look around the
graveyard for a little bit and you will
find Valerie's tombstone so that's where
it's at right there so in Iraq with it
detective Valerie when I made a very bad
call this was one decision of mine I
buried deeper than all the others so
that's Valerie's tombstone right there
as you could see where we're act so it's
close to where that shed is over there
and this is in the graveyard so you just
just look around for a minute until you
find it so the next collectible that
we're going to get is after paso
provides us with a decoy for these guys
right here in this vine or by this vine
and we take them out the best way we can
once we finish handling this initial
group of enemies we want to head over to
the right so you want to head over to
the right right over here just head off
in this direction I'm behind this
circular thing right here want to find
us another golden gun so pick that
golden gun up and
seat on your way and as I mentioned I
got him a different playthrough so even
though that says set complete of course
that the set isn't complete so once you
finish dealing with them or getting that
golden that golden gun here on forward
and you're going to take on a few more
enemies once you finish dispatching the
last group of enemies don't proceed on
forward just yet look around in this
area so you want to head back over here
and head all the way over to the right
you know if you hit another cutscene you
went too far so we pick up that golden
gun and that's where it's at right there
the golden auto 9-millimeter so once we
head on forward we will see where this
guy captured his paso and we have to do
the take them out as quick as we can
before he takes out a parcel so once we
are done with that we have a crew of
enemies that we need to take out so once
you take finish taking them all out
header on and look at the bottom for
nicole's mausoleum this is it right over
here as you can see it's down in this
area so in Iraq Nicole horns mausoleum
the woman who ordered Michelle's death I
passed it whenever I came to see my wife
it felt appropriate to leave her some
dead bodies instead of flowers as you
can see and this is at the bottom area
right down here but don't leave just yet
head over to the catacomb or two where
this casket is in the center and you'll
find another golden gun right down here
so you know you got two items in this
particular area so make sure you get
them both then once you've been captured
and your have the shovel in your hand
and you take out these enemies right
here you're going to take out one more
enemy that you're going to face and
before you head on forward head straight
up and interact with this and he got
ready I didn't
for him left to fill a grave for son of
a bitch his antics have brought the once
great house of Punchinello to its knees
and they were still struggling to stand
up that's the tombstone I like I said
you don't want to head down just yet but
when you do head on down from the
tombstone area and this takes place
right after you hit the guys with the
shovel head up over in this direction
are you face about a couple of enemies
I've already taken them out so head up
over this way and look into the bathroom
right here so we have ourselves another
golden gun it's like in the bathroom
stall right there so once you've gotten
that item head on down some more through
the morgue and you come inside this
Chapel and you take on some enemies now
you have a sniper that's located at the
top and in order to take him out you
have to go upstairs but before you go
upstairs don't go upstairs just yet to
take him out you see a golden gun right
here located right there close to where
um in between where you and pasta was
that once you have that now you can
proceed upstairs to take out the sniper
that's located up there so you know you
just got to do that do those things in
that particular order I think if you go
take out the sniper first you won't be
able to come back down so just make sure
you handle that but that's pretty much
it you guys um had a couple of
collectibles in this video and as I
mentioned um you know the Golden Gun
ordering was a little off but don't
worry about that just get them in this
order that I got them it caught on mac
in this particular instance and you
should be good to go as always look in
the description for the suggested a
checkpoint that you could load up I'm
really hoping that this makes it easier
for you guys and just trying to make it
as hassle free as possible please do
note the likes always help so you know
like this video if you found it helpful
that really helps me out a lot and I
appreciate all the support I'm getting
from you guys i really do so with that I
will see you guys in the next video